SublimeVideo is the most compatible and reliable
HTML5 Video Player
It works really well because SublimeVideo is
a Cloud Service that requires no maintenance
Each month, it delivers tens of millions
of players to thousands of sites
But we want to go beyond our standard Cloud player
We want to provide the technology that will allow
the creation of any player you can imagine
Wouldn't it be great to have full design freedom?
...in order to get your player, expressing your identity
with the utmost care for every detail
Wouldn’t it be great to have total flexibility and modularity?
...so you could build Your player
with exactly the features you need
For instance, a band could display a “Buy Song” button
to sell its music
A car company could integrate a 360 degree viewer
right into the player
Or an e-commerce site could integrate
instant stock information
Above all, wouldn’t it be amazing
if this tailor-made design and functionality
would work perfectly on any browser
from the iPad down to IE6?
Well, now, all of this is possible!
We are extremely proud to introduce
the World’s first HTML5-Video, Application Framework
It’s called SublimeVideo Framework
SublimeVideo Framework offers total creative freedom
that just works... pixel-perfect, on any platform
SublimeVideo Framework actually draws interfaces using powerful vector graphics
It can, for the first time
produce the most sophisticated player designs
like for instance this HTML5 branded player
With SublimeVideo Framework’s vector graphics technology
this player works and looks perfect on any platform
particularly on the finest screens, like Retina displays
Thanks to SublimeVideo Framework, your player embodies your branding
colors, shapes and even fonts
Its design perfection, along with its interactive features
can be embedded, with no degradation
into any web site or blog
becoming an eye-catching ambassador for your brand
SublimeVideo Framework is fully modular
Web Publishers can now build their own Player
with add-ons and options
Plus, SublimeVideo Framework fully integrates with YouTube!
Now you can use them together!
YouTube to host your videos
and SublimeVideo as your ultimate branded Player!
And it also works with Vimeo Pro
or your own hosting solution if you prefer
SublimeVideo Framework gives you more freedom than ever to host your videos
Today we’re rolling out a New Modular SublimeVideo Player service
for everyone, with its own add-ons store
At the same time, we’re opening a partnership program
with web agencies, creative studios and IT firms
which will enable them to provide their customers
with tailor-made video players
It’s also our goal to make SublimeVideo Framework’s
technology available to other partners
like Internet platforms, CMSs and OVPs
With SublimeVideo Framework, we really want to build the best technology foundation possible
in order to truly enable the HTML5 Video Age
Please have a look at our partners showcases
to see examples of what’s already possible with SublimeVideo Framework
Contact us if you wish to team-up
and deliver tailor-made players to your customers
or sign up and start using SublimeVideo now